fix: corrections in pilot-corner (#771)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/pilots-corner/advanced-guides/flight-guidance/tcas.md

## Clear of Conflict

> TCAS will notify the flight crew via the aural warning "Clear of Conflict" when separation and range from a threat is adequate. At this tim,e the flight crew should perform the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TCAS will notify the flight crew via the aural warning "Clear of Conflict" when separation and range from a threat is adequate. At this time, the flight crew should perform the following actions:
```

|                                          Symbol                                           | Information                                                                                                                                      |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  ![tcas other traffic](../../assets/advanced-guides/flight/tcas-arrow-up.png){width=75%}  | This arrow represents climbing traffic.                                                                                                          |

> | ![tcas other traffic](../../assets/advanced-guides/flight/tcas-arrow-down.png){width=75%} | This arrow represents descending traffic.                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: Ask me on Discord about this
